Update README.md (#116)
xtrime-ru/TelegramApiServer: README.md

## First start
1. Get app_id and app_hash at [my.telegram.org](https://my.telegram.org/). 
    Only one app_id needed for any amount of users and bots.
1. Create .env file: `cp .env.docker.example .env.docker` or `cp .env.example .env`
1. Fill app_id and app_hash in `.env.docker` or `.env`.
1. Start TelegramApiServer in cli:
    * docker: 
        1. Start container interactively: `docker-compose run --rm telegram-api-server`

>         2. If you need to start multiple sessions, do it one-by-one, like this: `docker-compose run --rm telegram-api-server --session=user1`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        2. If you need to start multiple sessions, create docker-compose.override.yml, and add additional containers there. Use unique ports and session names in command.
        https://docs.docker.com/compose/extends/#multiple-compose-files
```
